This part of the course is optional and only applies if you want to create a presentation or presentation
slides based on your answers to the questions.
In steps 1 through 12 of this course in terms of the what why and how of creating your final final presentation
slides output.
What I'll do is I'll kick it off of the what.
What are we going to learn.
Well if we click on a final output button here called presentation slides we see that there are 10 slides
that have been automatically created for us and this 10 slide format is what works.
If you're meeting with potential investors business partners or venture capital firms and I know that
this works because it's based on the many meetings that I've had with investors when I worked in venture
capital and I've been able to raise money for my startups using this 10 slide format as well.
Now the point of a meeting with using these 10 slides is to get the potential customer so to speak or
investors just interested in your business model so that they can ask to read your business plan.
Or if you wanted to raise capital it kind of gets you a first meeting and then if they like what they
see you'll get a second meeting that sort of thing.
So less is always more when it comes to presentation slides.
And if you're curious how to present to potential investors then you can click on this resources link
here to watch a presentation that I gave to ASH or HCC Paris MBA students on how to present to investors
and this is all optional of course.
Let's move on to why.
Why do I bother including this extra bonus optional section on presentation slides.
I included it because I realized while I was making this course and this Excel template that the questions
asked that you answered contained the inputs to all 10 of these slides.
So I thought it would be helpful and value added to include this view as well.
And you can even include these 10 slides in the appendix part of your final business plan.
Output which I explain how to do in this section of the course called Creating your financial part of
the click creating your final business model output.
Lastly how how are we going to complete your final presentation slides together well if you click on
the final output presentation slides button.
You will see that if you answer the questions in steps 1 through 12 your answers show up here on the
right side in the white shaded cells the middle blue shaded cells pulls data from my sample questions
from the shark virtual reality questions OK.
As you'll see that in your 10 presentation slides on the right side here that the data is all hyperlinked
hence the blue underlined text and I architected this tab this way so that you can always click on the
text to go back to where in the course you document your answers just in case you wanted to make any
changes.
Now in the rest of the current section what I'll do is I'll explain how to access the templates that
I created for you so that you can pick a PowerPoint template that you want to use and then what I'll
do is I'll show you how to copy from this presentation slides tab here in Excel and how to pay special
into the PowerPoint template that you will use so that the formatting looks amazing.
Thanks.